Ews api module client (#37479)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnline/ReleaseNotes/1_6_0.md

#### Integrations

##### EWS O365

> - Major code refactor
> - Fixed an issue with ews-get-items giving an error for certain mailbox items
> - Fixed an issue with some commands failing when using the is_public argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the implementation by consolidating shared code between EWS integrations.
- Fixed an issue where the ***ews-get-items*** command returned an error for certain mailbox items.
- Fixed an issue where the following commands failed when the *is_public* argument was provided:
  - ***<fill cmd name>***
  - ***<fill cmd name>***
  - etc.
```
